# README.md

Proposed file structure:

	root_dir/
			orilog/
					all original log files to be combined
			comf/
					all combined files
			client_route/
					all route files
			infocsv/
					all info csv files
					
	root_dir_2/
			ori_logs/
					all original log files to be combined
			comf/
					all combined files
			client_route/
					all route files
			info_csv/
					all info csv files

	__init__.py
	other python module or packages

The filestrucure is also for the comlo module to provide a clean interface to interact with multiple large log files.

There are currently three modules in the path:

comlo
------
There are many functions provided in the comlo module, but only three of them are provided for purpose.
They are terfread, terfwrite and oricomb.

Getting the log files and putting them into rootdir/orilogs.
In command, you can run ` python comlo.py --eat rootdir ` 
It would read in all the log files in rootdir/orilogs and write the log lines in to rootdir/comf ordered by time. 
If there are too many lines in log files, it would seperate them and name the log files autoatically.

After running the `oricomb`, you can use `terfread` to read the log files in rootdir/comf.

```python

read_obj = terfread( 'rootdir/comf' )
for line in read_obj:
    # handle each line
	foo( line )

```

If the log files in rootdir/comf, it would handle it by itself.
Note that it may raise decode error and should be handle by the user.

You can also use `terfwrite` to write the process lines into a folder.
It woud look like this
```python

read_obj = terfread( 'rootdir/comf' )
with terfwrite( 'rootdir/second_path', max_line=1e5 ) as write_obj:
for line in read_obj:
    new_line = foo( line )
    write_obj.write( new_line )
    
```
After executing this, the lines would be written into the 'rootdir/second_path' anf the files are seperate.
Note that it may raise encode error and should be handle by the user.
the with statement would close the ``` write_obj ``` after a terfwrite is done.
if you want to directly access the terfwrite object, you can interact with it through ``` __enter__() ``` and ``` __exit__(self, exc_type, exc_value, traceback) ``` functions.

rawcsv
------
Just clean the comf file, extract the info lines.
Proccess the extracted information, ad store into the new folder using terfwrite.
Not that the rawcsv.py now only deals with the info lines, but will ignore the warning lines.
The handling to the warning should be added in the future.

run ``` python rawcsv.py --eat rootdir ``` to get the csv files

aggClient
------
Extract the travel route for each client, or Mac adress.
Base on the files generated by rawcsv, so rawcsv should be run before executing addClient

run ``` python aggClient.py --eat rootdir ``` to get the csv files
there are also other cmd, please use -h to see all the command

setdata
------
Used to format data to put into the neural network.
